Hey everyone, welcome back to the design module. Today we'll be going through
onboarding and
payables. These are probably the most essential parts of your app for being
successful long-term,
because if your onboarding sucks, your conversion rate is going to be super low
, and if you
converge and rate super low, you won't be profitable, and you won't be able to
scale
and be successful. So like, what is an onboarding? Why can't I just skip to the
payable straight
away? Explain that from me, Alex. Of course, of course, of course. So people
objectively
and objectively don't want to spend money if they don't have to. So you need to
communicate
value across to the user, otherwise they'll just reject it and swipe out,
uninstall, boom,
your user's gone. So the way we found best to communicate that value across is
for a quiz.
It's a multi-choice quiz where you ask your user a bunch of personal questions,
and they
answer it based on their personal life. So for example, I will pull up the very
old
quitter onboarding. The design has been upgraded immensely, but the content is
relatively the
same. So yeah, if we look at the quitter onboarding, you can see us a bunch of
personal questions,
and you can see it on the screen now and get inspired on how the tail is down
to your niche,
that everything is super direct, and the more user answers these questions, the
more they
feel like the apps being built around them and their life, and they feel like
you resonate
with them and their goals, all extremely intentional. And you can do the same
thing for colour
retracking. It's like, what is your way? How long have you been trying to lose
way? What
has stopped you in the past? Like, what could help you moving forward? And then
, bomb,
bomb, bomb, you're answering these questions for them, people inputting their
personal information,
and they're like, okay, this app hears me. It understands me. It understands my
situation.
And this is essential because usually every product you are going to create has
a pain
point that you solve. And so, if you show them that you understand and that you
have the
magic solution, they'll be like, holy shit, I'm going to just pay for it. But
that comes
at the end. But yeah, that's the questionnaire. So you skip past the
questionnaire, you ask
their name and age, we use this for data and stuff. We also use your name very
attention
and later to like make it feel more personal, and I'll show you how we do that
too. So then
we calculate the calculating actually does nothing. But what it does is adds
more time
that you spend in the onboarding, because if you've completed it, you're intent
super
high. Now, I'm going to tell you a little analogy before we continue. Like the
longer
a user spends on wanting the better because, oh, catch my book. If it's super
simple to
just click off and uninstall the app and save 30 bucks a year, then I'll do it.
But if I've
spent a lot, a lot, a lot of time building my profile and setting this app up
for me,
and it's towards my goals, then I'm more convinced to just pay and fuck it, I'm
just
going to do it rather than get nothing back all the time I spent. This is the
typical
gamble is phenomenon. Gambalies don't necessarily, they're not necessarily
addicted to gambling.
They're just addicted to getting something back all the time they spent
gathering. At
least someone told me that sounds legit, though. Take my word for it. Okay. So
anyways,
we do it in an analysis and we say, look, we have some news to break to you.
You are
addicted. You have a problem. You need this app. You need it. But let's check
our symptoms
first. Let's verify this information. And this check has symptoms. So one, this
screen scares
you. And two, it nudges you into the next screen. And every subsequent screen,
yes,
adds friction, but it also increases your intent to buy. So it's all very
important.
So then we go to symptoms and you can have different things with different apps
. For
Twitter, it's like, you know, one of the porn side effects for like calorie
tracking, it's
like what are the side effects of you being fat or you eating, you know,
unhealthy food.
And it can be, it can be exact same stuff. Like I'm eating junk food and I feel
unmotivated.
I have no ambition. I have difficulty concentrating, et cetera, et cetera. But
the goal of this
screen, and I'll show you very soon, is to compare these negative symptoms to
an eventual
positive outcome if you buy the subscription. So it's like, okay, we scare you
with all
these words, like you're like getting weak erections. And then we flash off,
you finish
this, we flash up a red screen. Porn is a drug. Porn destroys relationships.
Porn shatters
sex drive. And are you feeling unhappy? A lot of people feel unhappy. So like
this screen
is kind of tragic, kind of nothing but what was it down to porn? It's like all
the problems
in your life is fucking porn. You need to quit, but you probably can't quit.
That's why
you download this app. And then boom, welcome to Twitter. This is your path to
recovery.
Rewire your brain back to normal, stay motivated and avoid setbacks. Don't go
back to that
bad life where you're unmotivated and you're getting weaker erections and
conquer yourself.
Be a fucking man. Rise to the occasion. Just be the best version of yourself
and level
up to life. So this is a very intentional juxtaposition. We compared a super
negative
cloud of stuff where you've answered personal questions about your life and all
of these
are not negative, but they are negative. They are towards the pain point that
you're solving
with your app. So for example, quick one, all these are porn related. So super
negative,
you're feeling bad about yourself. Like I've been addicted. I mean, sorry as
well, you're
also learning about yourself. When I ask you these questions, you're learning
about yourself.
You're learning, damn, I've been addicted since I was fucking 12. This needs to
stop.
This is insane. And am I getting, do I need to watch more extreme material?
Like, fuck,
this is ruining my mind. So you're learning about yourself, you're then getting
scared
by the symptoms, you're then getting scared by the language we're using, saying
it's
porn is the worst thing ever. And then boom, path to recovery. You're in the
right place.
Quitter, we are here for you. We love you. And like, we're going to help you re
wire your
brain, help you stay motivated, etc, etc. So that contrast is very uplifting
for people,
which is also why we have a super high conversion rate. You heard it from the
man himself. And
then we give social proof. So rewiring benefits. And people are talking about
the app. So let's
say these all NBC is the they aren't real. We probably should have real people.
But Jack
says he's he's feel like a different person. He's way more talked to and aware.
So, and
then Michael, he wants to go out, he wants to work out, he wants to live, he
wants to
be a fucking man. He wants to do, he wants to conquer the world. Connor, who's
my co who's
my co founder, obviously has been very addicted. He wrote this one personally.
Quitting has
allowed me to change my mindset on the little things in life. I was coming to
grips with
the fact that life is dark, boring, depressing. And then I die. Screw that. Qu
itting has allowed
me to change my mindset on the little things in life. And yet, like you get the
point. So
personal questionnaire, calculate the result, scale you, uplift you, social
proof. And then
we give the chart. We show, okay, like you could quit on your own. But look at
Twitter.
Look how much faster you can quit. And whoa, how is this guy here right now? It
's interesting.
Anyways, you can see that. Why is he following me? You can see that by week
free, you're
going to go through the same bullshit cycle. But with quitter, you're going to
win. You're
going to rise to the occasion. You're going to finally beat the addiction. And
then we're
getting to like the more uplifting part of things, we're like, choose your
goals. I
want to be strong. I want to have stronger relationships. I want to have
improved self
confidence. And then do you have a referral code? This is useful if you want to
track
which influencers sent you to what place, what influencers suggested you're at
and actually
downloaded it. Like what? This is important for you to track which influencers
brought
in your traffic. There we go. Then give us a rating. This is probably one of
the most
essential screens as well. Not everyone is going to rate you five stars
straight out
the gate out trying your app. But there will obviously be like the 0.5% of
people that
actually do. And when you have a million downloads, 0.5% is a hell of a lot of
people
that give you a five star review. So I totally recommend this screen. I will
say as well,
the more five star and ratings you have on the app store, the more people trust
you.
And all the more people actually end up getting to the end of your onboarding.
Whereas if
you're a brand new app and you have like 20 reviews, people don't trust you.
Like they
don't trust you. They're going to be hesitant. They're going to be more
reluctant to not,
they're going to be more reluctant to pay than if you had 50,000 five stars.
And it's
like 20 bucks, but like 50,000 people rate this five stars hell yet. Like sign
me up.
And then this is one thing we do at Quitter that I've seen a lot of people not
be able
to do or not done. I'm losing my mind, but like I hope you guys hear me through
this.
Hear me through this. This is fucking source right here. Right. So we say
welcome to Quitter,
your path to freedom. Here's your card is decided to help you quit porn forever
. Now
this is the most fucking, this is the most forward thing I've ever done, but it
's low
key working. Now it's time to invest in yourself. And like short, it's a bit
pushy and it's
a bit like, like, it's in the uncanny valley territory. But instead of people
spamming me
with reviews saying, I thought this app was going to be free. I didn't know it
was going
to be paid or even is it paid? A lot of people don't even know if they have to
pay. They
don't want to pay. They think there's a free version. But the fact that says
now it's time
to invest in yourself, they're like, okay, it's time to lock in. And even
though it's
like they're reading it on a screen and it's not like this is inhuman. Like
there's no
one, there's not your friend isn't telling you to invest in yourself, which has
a really
high like conversion rate. The fact you're reading on a screen will sit in the
back of
your mind. And when you do get to the payroll, you remember that sentence. It's
$45 a year,
but now it's time to invest in myself. I would spend that shit on big Macs, but
now it's
time to invest in yourself. Start my journey. Pay. Boom. You're in. And that's
a really,
really good funnel. This is one of the best funnels ever. I can pull up my
revenue for
the day. Oh, we're going to get into payables and a sec. I can pull up my
revenue for the
day. This is proceeds after Apple's 30% cut, but fuck that. Don't even look at
that. Just
look at the conversion rate. Like this is pretty good. 16. Why is she? Fuck. It
's good,
it's, it's, it's usually better. It's usually like 20%. So like one in six
people are paying.
This isn't a free trial spiel. This is one in six paying. So yeah, that is
onboarding
for you guys. Peace out. All right, boys. So I would usually explain how to
design a good
onboarding, but for all of my future apps, if I do create future apps, I'm just
going
to be ripping this exact format by just rewording it. And, you know, I'm just
going to recommend
you guys do the same. Kalei has a very similar onboarding to Twitter, literally
almost exactly
the same format. And, you know, you guys can design this rectangle, text, text
for the
question, etc. Like this is, this is like one screen. Very simple. It's right
out in front
of you. Say with these, these are just a lotty files. So if you search in
Google, lotty
files, you'll find a bunch and then search within lotty files, what you like.
So maybe
search start and you might find this one or sun or meditate, you'll find this
one or
locked, you'll find this one, etc. This is a very well designed onboarding. I
wouldn't
really met the will. And like me and Kalei, we've made millions of dollars with
this
exact format. So I'm not going to teach you how to design it, but I will link
this in
the course. But yeah, now let's get to the paywall. So this is a paywall that I
started
with, which is just a simulator of all the screens kind of laid out. So you can
kind
of get intro or slash preview of the app before you pay. And at the top, we
have very intentional
texts saying get unlimited access to quitter, including personalizing science
based custom
plan, adult content blocker, community chat, street tracking, daily pledges,
plus much
more. I know what this is great. And you can copy this. If you go to super wall
, you click
into templates and you scroll down a little bit and you will find the here we
go, the
quitter, the quitter paywall right here. So what you do on super wall is you
click on
to this and you click use template. And I wouldn't generally recommend you go
into
Figma and start designing your own one. And I know it's counterintuitive
because this
is a design course, but I can show you what good design is without having you
design it
yourself. So when it comes to consumer utility, you usually want to display all
the benefits
up front. So something like something like something like homework AI is
actually pretty
good. You can see unlock all features of pro, you're kind of explaining the
core features.
Remember the onboarding has already sold your app. People are convinced. Now
just summarize
the core features and make it super easy to pay. And I'm going to show you my
current
onboarding, the one that's doing the best. And we hired a designer to do this.
But you
can see it's pretty simple. Again, still the very core features that people are
paying
and buying into. You also have the previews of the app. So very similar to the
first iteration
that that quitter launch with, but just in a different format, you see this
time it's
in a scrolly carousel. And then also you can just change the plan. So if I don
't want
to pay 29, 19 a year, why don't I just pay 15 a month? And people do do that.
So interesting
note, we also on this iteration show the reviews. So this is a very interesting
point. And you
know, design this in Figma, I can definitely show you how to do it. But I think
it might
be a better use of my time to just show you what good designers show you the
core principles.
And then you can apply this yourself. Blake has already covered a lot of app
design. And
I'm not the best at Figma. I usually get off the ball. But I have a lot of
insight. So
yeah, this is a very good payroll as well. I believe they have something very
similar
in the templates. And I would just use templates because up to your first like
100k, even 500k,
I think we didn't even change the quitter payoff until maybe one and a half
million dollars
in revenue. So it's not as important as you think. It might have slight maybe
two to three
to four to five percent increases. But just don't over index on perfecting it
per se.
So like, okay, if I want to do calorie checking up, I'll show you what's a good
one because
we've already done the calorie tracking tutorial. Actually that comes next. I
'll show you guys
in the development module. But like, if I wanted to choose a calorie tracking,
paywall, I would
pick. Hmm. This is a great one for SAI. Obviously not for calorie tracking.
This is so bad.
Zest. Actually, this is the car that I want. So yeah, and it has the gift. So I
would use this.
I would have, we want you to try a calorie for free. I would have a moving gift
of the app.
And you can record this in Screen Studio. I believe that's the name of the app.
Screen Studio.
And just run through it. And then obviously link this to your product. We cover
this in
the development module. So make sure you watch that next. And this is a solid
design.
And then with Super, I'll show you real quick how you can actually change
things around and
personalize it for you. So unlock. Cali. Unlock Cali. There you go. So we just
change text. Super
simple. No commitment canceling time. This is great. And then we go into
products. We change
products of $4.99 a week. And then a secondary at $9.99 a month. And as you can
see, boom.
This is a solid payroll. And then for the video. For the video, we have to
upload a video.
Do I have any videos of the app? Actually, you know what? We do. We do. We do.
We do. We do.
So this is the app I'm building for you guys. You'll see it later in the
development module.
But I'm just going to screen record it. So I'm going to do command R.
Run you through it. Boom. Boom. And you can't see the actual app.
Because this is just the onboarding. But I will upload it. Ready?
Let's see.
You got to get off. You got to get off. And you got to teach me how to get off.
I'm recording or the onboarding. Yeah. What up gang? Someone doesn't read the
group chats.
Well, you opened it. So at that point, Cali, I pay while studying that. Yeah,
listen, this
kid's got to go fucking party right now. The one A.B. test we did to this pay
wall that made it
double the conversions. It's that the privacy, it used to be spelled privacy
policy, but just
making it privacy doubled our conversions. It's the details that this is a
complete joke.
It was actually, you know, deceiving the consumer that it will list.
Hey, I just scammed, guys. No, but what you want to do here is you see it's
this tripe or zero.
And then they click it. And it's a multi page. I don't know what this is. Us,
did you create this?
This is a template, bro. Yeah. It's all created a template out of us. Yeah,
they've done this for us,
dude. Try to continue. They fucking stole it.
Multi page is actually great guys. Saying to the user will send your reminder
before your free
trial lens, they fucking love that. Is that true? Love it. It's true. We do
send an notification.
It would be very fucked up. You say you will, but then you do not. If I, we
actually did an A.B. test
and it did decrease the conversion rate slightly, but you need to actually set
like it would be
really fucked up not to. Yeah, true. Yeah. So we tell them what it would look
like. These zero
days. That's like I'm going to stop. Yeah, that's going to get. Yeah. Yes, you
started for trial.
There we go. You got them. That's the source guys.
That's how you get them. That's onboarding and peels done.
Now we're going to go fucking party. Let's go. Let's fucking go. See you boys.